wapa
this new event leads us to prague
capital of the Czech Republic is one
of the main tourist destinations in
Europe
has a date guys well found by
your ciccio that for 89 we are returned
on strength motosport 5 you have me someone
he told me he had made me one
vinyl had painted a car for me
you said I'm going to look on that ciccio
for 89 descriptions I did not find it
guys so if you made me for
case of cars that is the drawings of the
auto tell me tell me how you are called
there is the author and the description I owe
put it to find it because I have it
I searched until I found it e
faces a series of competitions
choices for you head to keep up with
your car is okay not an event
special I don't know what it is and let's get started
the race we start a race for sure
will be a pro patria activity perhaps the
car is fantastic
my mother, by the way , I saw many
comments you told me but it seems to us
this car barely starts one
alloy is not that it just seems to accelerate
part of the car but definitely but
really so much so much by the way
which is something I want to tell you one
what I say I love you if you have
force motosport if you have motor sports force
my first idea is that anyway
many of you always tell me that there is
my drive to dar is in their races and
this pleases me
and since the xbox can maintain
up to 1000 friends I believe and then there is
also the option to follow
then I give you my nickname which
active golf
then for those who want to send the
send me a friend request
now I accept them again then i
lucky that they are seeing this
videos will be the first to send me one
I promise you no friend request
I don't promise you to hear that
we will never play together but I want to put
in doubt maybe if I can
we will record a match for everyone together
to force motosport 5 that we will do one
nice race all together for less
those who follow me then there is the idea
me plans camila sincerely i hope
you like it too
in the meantime I do n't want that
nothing but look how far I'm driving
well
surely now mix between cero transcendano
somewhere
ok we look it doesn't seem bad not not
it looks bad to me
go go go go that then the other
mister I give b pointed out to me that
so good the ps but now the car
no longer turns if it is true or a thing or
the other, however, without ps did not brake
looks like I was up on the ice then
I think the idea of ​​doing is there but of
understand me now understand living so much
today we know the talk
it's before I even played a
cicciotti or the sun to export and but
however we have become too many boys up
xbox at the end if we can do it
if we succeed or if we succeed in doing one
good game
in sixteen players then in one piece
of all you have the xbox
quantum force motorsport and I'm there
I 'm enjoying myself so much so
this is hard this is the first time
that we are at heart so we open everything
the gas does not interest me we have all the
which we have of a perfect straight
and do so and let's get down with malice
gentlemen today we are playing well
today we are playing well because I am
I also remember for the new members who
when I play well I don't play well
we all play well because if I do
I'm the pilot, I've said it a thousand times
you are my cazzutissimo box
almost 90,000 people at least when I'm around
recording now we are almost at 90 thousand
people but when I made videos with two
days for me is definitely there we will be
arrived
the real and among other things a door to the
motherfucker flying in front of that not
It recovers EUR excuse them says
for 89 to be recovered even if
true just one says members ie that for
89 if you liked the video, leave
pollicione if you are not a cuckold and if
don't let it be you sure you either before or
then I have to redo a hermit crab from Sicula
I'll just make you I will make that track the
outro youtube I will redo the shelter and the
I'll redo a bad one but done well
then then then we see absolutely
in time we do everything then kids
here and olè olè olè then guys if
someone is good at making cars
because I know some of you are i
assignees to draw boys
let me do the cars on using cells a
start once once use
all so different 1000 masters of
cincinnati i did the drawing there are
then obviously I remind you that there is the
link description of my peace of
Facebook
look at the descriptions from time to time
channels that are true among other things I don't
I mean nothing but laughing and
jokingly we are deprived that is today really
I'm just talking about it
with you I gave one to talk to you
my mother was immediately very well
driving very well, however, we have it
an attack for some increased will be
incredible attention was this behind
I don't trust anything at all
pina brakes a karma see how I am
decelerating that roberta is full chest
which your does push you to
there are so many things hidden behind it
never ever ever
my mom at full throttle learnedly
very much my uncle panetta that dear that race
exceptional that exceptional race sir
without hands without hands on the steering wheel without
various on the steering wheel is gentlemen gentlemen
ac or 10 minutes I have hard video from
better than the 4 minutes and 44 of the other
time
Then liri then one thing then the basket
ron's flight is a fan time I won't tell you
now a number I want to see is a
well knows however and scratches or no graphics
we always recommend it
big gold big gold give us the money that
I want to buy the next car
costs one billion euros
something like this by lucio bella ok
pilot at level 8 excellent excellent excellent
great but they do n't even have 35,000 creatives
perfect for you i would say it goes between
the other I still have to get used to
use several times spring up I use is
beautiful on design and what you want but
guys I would say that the son of today
with children here today there should be the
triple speaks when you see this video
which two lost sides pumped boys
or I don't know or I put it there
I don't know before so let's do it
nothing those that no comment
share next appointment indeed
they gave comics tomorrow that Sunday is yes